Init web security hw template (#1)
mate-academy/jv-web-security: README.md

# Web security
- Add two more fields (`login` and `password`) to your `Driver` class.
  We will simplify the task, and our Driver will behave as User.

> - Modify JSP page and corresponding controller to support two new fields: `login` and `password`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modify the required JSP pages and corresponding controllers to support two new fields: `login` and `password`
```

- Create new AuthenticationService with method ```Driver login(String login, String password);```
- Create new method ```Optional<Driver> findByLogin(String login)``` in DriverDao and DriverService.
- Use your new method _findByLogin_ in the ```authService.login(login, password)``` method to identify the user based on the login
- Implement `LoginController` with corresponding JSP page
- Implement user authentication based on HttpSession and filters. Only `LoginController` and `CreateDriverController` should be available for non authenticated users.

> - Having information about current logged in user (e.g. driver),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Having information about currently logged-in user (e.g. driver), please implement the following controller `GetMyCurrentCarsController`.
```
let's inline the text

  please implement the following controller `GetMyCurrentCarsController`.

>   This controller is responsible for displaying the list of cars for current logged driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This controller is responsible for displaying the list of cars for currently logged driver (get info about the driver from the HttpSession)
```

# Web security
- Add two more fields (`login` and `password`) to your `Driver` class.
  We will simplify the task, and our Driver will behave as User.

> - Modify the required JSP pages and corresponding controllers to support two new fields: `login` and `password`

Reviewer: +  в чеклісті треба вказати, що непотрібно виводити на екран інформацію про пароль. Тому що є ідея що вони будуть виводити пароль на сторінці getAllDrivers
